oh hi there my name is Sam Kapler and in
today's episode phone I will be bringing
you in exclusive preview of iOS 5 for
the original iPad just to prove to you
that i am using iOS 5 i'm going to go
into my settings and there you are iOS
5.0 what's new in iOS 5 well that's a
very good question what is new in iOS 5
well you have the new notification
center just the same in android i just
received two emails which will allow me
to demo this notification feature as you
can see here jake oliver is following me
on twitter and that shows me a little
excerpt from the email if i press on the
email it of course goes to the mail app
and allows me to read said email the
push notification system is still in
place as you can see here on the app
store of course I cloud is a new feature
in iOS 5 and it allows you to back up
online your mail contacts calendars
reminders bookmarks notes and your
photostream with the storage and backup
you get 5 gigabytes free online storage
and you can buy more storage
unfortunately when you do try and
purchase additional storage it says
purchasing additional storage is not
possible at this moment in time iOS 5
also comes with the new Twitter
integration as you can see here I've
linked my Twitter account simply by
putting in my username and password as
you would expect what else is new in iOS
5 well there's a new reminders feature
this allows you to note down little
reminders and then when you finish them
you just tick the edge and then you go
to completed and it shows you what
reminders that you have completed as you
can see I've already completes the few
little reminders just the demo how the
feature works where's the iPod feature
gone Sam I hear you ask well it's now
changed from ipod to simply music if we
go into the music interface we can see
that it's completely changed from 4.3
the way in which that you can change
between tracks has changed to for
example if i was to go to a random album
let's say i am the tower by lat Fox Trax
and I was to play something in 4.3 that
would flip round to a sort of light box
area where you could just see a big
picture of the album however on this it
doesn't do that it sticks to a little
area where you can simply and easily
change between the tracks I
of like that I I like not having to come
out of the lightbox to change between
tracks iOS 5 also features a messages
feature I actually don't know anyone
else on the message system so I
unfortunately can't demo this for you so
I apologize for that there is a new
keyboard feature on iOS 5 which as you
can see here it allows me to undock the
keyboard and split it if I split the
keyboard as you can see here it allows
me to type quite easily with my two
thumbs at the side of the device this is
a really good idea for people who wanted
to type on their device with two fingers
on either side of the device but
couldn't do it with the 4.3 keyboard if
I simply undock the keyboard that allows
me to just move it away from the bottom
and move it in well any position really
that's all I have to say today on this
exclusive preview of iOS 5 for the ipad
if you'd like me to demo anything else
feel free to ask in the comments below
and of course don't forget to Like
favourite and all of that jazz thank you
very much for watching if you'd like to
see more of me around the interwebs you
can go to youtube.com forward slash i am
cap lat and twitter com forward slash
Sam cap lat I look forward seeing you
all on Friday